docs: clone resource into environment (#1517)
knocklabs/docs: content/version-control/environments.mdx

  }
/>

## Clone resources across environments

You can clone supported resources from one environment to another in the Knock dashboard. Cloning creates a new copy of the resource in the destination environment. The clone gets a new key by default (with a `-copy` suffix) and is independent from the original.

Open a resource's action menu and select **Clone** (or **Duplicate** for email layouts) to start a clone. When your account has more than one writable destination environment, you can choose which environment to clone into.

Cloning is a dashboard-only feature. It is not available through the [Knock CLI](/cli/overview) or [Management API](/developer-tools/management-api) at this time.

### Supported resources

You can clone the following resources across environments:

- Workflows
- Broadcasts
- Guides
- Message types
- Email layouts
- Audiences
- Partials
- Translations
- Reusable requests

> - Source events

Reviewer: Maybe "Source event configurations" or "Source event mappings"? We could leave this the way it is, but there might be an opportunity to be clearer about what is actually being cloned here.

Archived resources cannot be cloned.

### Clone vs promote

Clone and promote solve different problems:

1. **Clone.** Creates a new resource in another environment. Use this when you want a copy to exist in both environments, or when you need to copy content to an environment lower in the promotion chain (for example, from production to development).
2. **Promote.** Moves committed changes for an existing resource up through your environment chain, keeping the same key. Use this when you are following the development-to-production workflow and want the same resource to exist across environments.

When you clone a workflow, Knock also copies its channel step templates and workflow schema into the destination environment.

### Environment targeting

Which environments you can clone into depends on your account's **production write access** setting on the **Permissions** page in your account settings:

1. **Production write access enabled.** You can clone into any environment in your project.

> 2. **Production write access disabled.** You can only clone into sandbox environments (typically your development environment).

Reviewer: What is a "sandbox environment," and will it ever be anything other than Development?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Production write access disabled.** You can only clone into your Development environment.
```
Here's how I would change it, unless there's another separate sandbox concept that I'm not aware of.

> This follows the same rules as creating and editing content in an environment. If production write access is disabled, non-sandbox environments such as production and staging are read-only and cannot be selected as a clone destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This follows the same rules as creating and editing content in an environment. If production write access is disabled, environments other than Development are read-only and cannot be selected as a clone destination.
```
If the answer to the above is that it's only development, I think we should change this too.

    create and delete environments through the Knock dashboard at this time.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="I accidentally created a resource in my production environment, but I want to move it to development so that I can use the promotion model. Is this possible?">
    Yes. Use [cloning resources across
    environments](/version-control/environments#clone-resources-across-environments)
    to copy the resource into your development environment. You can keep the
    default `-copy` key if you want a separate copy to experiment with, or set
    the key to match the production resource if you plan to promote it back and

>     overwrite the production version later.

Reviewer: I think we should leave this part of the original:

> When you promote it to production later on, it will overwrite the existing version that was previously created directly in production.

Maybe prior to the sentence about the `-copy` key?

Reviewer: Or maybe this is simpler:

```suggestion
    Yes. Use [cloning resources across
    environments](/version-control/environments#clone-resources-across-environments)
    to copy the resource into your development environment. 
    
    By default a `-copy` suffix will be added to the key of the cloned resource. Set
    the key to match the production resource that you're cloning 
    if you want promotions from the lower environment to overwrite the production version later on.
```
